## 3.2 Code Quality
#### *How would you describe "good code"? What role (if any) do comments, refactoring, and code reviews play?*

In my opinion, good code is something that a non-coder/tech person can look over and still be able to understand, at least on the high level, what's going on. Good code should  require minimal comments such as the name of the classes, properties, interfaces etc. It should be self-descriptive or self-explanatory. There are certain cases where comments would be required. For example, if the comment is referencing a future enhancement, an external source, a workaround, or for refactoring a pre-exisiting unoptimized code. 

Refactoring is a very important process of software development and it makes the code more performant and manageable. Refactoring is a strategy to achieve "good code". However, there are trade-offs if dealing with time constraintsdue due to tight deadlines. If you find yourself refactoring too much then its time to revisit your software development strategy and consult your tech lead/architect. An effective software architecture will require less refactoring since you have started on the right foot. Sometimes, due to security updates and breaking changes a developer might have to update their code in which case a detailed project upgrade document should be created to estimate the impact accross the infrastructure and business processes. 

Code Review is a significant part of software development methodologies and should be adopted by most teams regardless of their size and function. Code Review and Peer Programming are the two greatest factors that help improve code as well as the skills of the developer. Based on my past experience, some developers are hesitant or defensive when it comes to code review and believe it's a way of finding faults in the code. Even though code review does provide the opportunity to find faulty code, it's not the main objective. The main goal of a code review is to look at code from a different developer perspective while providing constructive criticism. An effective code review is when all developers involved benefit from the changes while developing a strong sense of team collaboration. 

Therefore, the concept of good code is subjective and there are proven guidelines from revered developers and companies that facilitate in developing a strong code convention within the engineering team. Good code is efficient, manageable, code-reviewed, extensible and easy to read. 

