## 3.3 Code Structure
#### *What criteria do you have for deciding when a single method/function does "too much" and needs to be broken down into multiple methods/functions?*

A function should only ever do one thing and do it very well. A function should be small and easy to maintain. If we are trying to refactor a huge function, the first thing to look at is if the function is idempotent or not. If it is not, then we need to check for any mutations happening inside the function that is reassigning variables or parameters. Another thing to consider is if there are multiple external dependencies for the function to run. If there are new object initialization or implementation inside the function body, then that should be abstracted away from the function. DRY (Don't repeat yourself) is a common strategy to make a function reusable and also limit the number of lines of code. Furthermore, adding callback methods and or passing function as parameters are also some good strategies to transfer (delegate) the work to another function.

Whenever there is a discussion regarding code structure and design, I refer to Conway's law. This states that  
> *Any organization that designs a system (defined broadly) will produce a design whose structure is a copy of the organization's communication structure.— Melvin E. Conway* 

The conway law states how the code structure/infrastructure closely resembles the company's decision making processes and business management heiarchy. For example, if the organization's main communication channel is led by a single point of authority such as CEO or CTO, then the code is likely to follow the same pattern which in this case will be a monolithic architecture. 

Therefore, to improve the code, the company must first improve their organizational component. One way to do that is using the concept of pure function. A pure function is a function that will return the same value for the same set of arguments and will have no side effects and mutability. Most of business processess are built around Object Oriented Design (OOD) which is the status quo for software development. OOD works very well for Business Domains. However, since the introduction of cloud computing, the software paradigm has shifted more towards Functional Programming. OOO programming can benefit a lot with a functional approach. 

Again, there are various ways to improve a function and decide if it needs trimming. Referring to best practices guides and having a strong code review/peer programming foundation enables us to write purely "PURE" function.
