## 4.1 Completed Project
### *Describe the project you have worked on that you are most proud of. What was your part in the project that worked out particularly well?*

One of the projects that I am most proud of was during my time in EXL as Senior Developer/Architect. I was hired to help the company move all their services to the cloud. Most of these services were legacy and some where based on modern frameworks. The core software was based on monolothic WPF service with 30 different services tightly coupled and with a huge 100TB Database with inscalable schema. I was responsible for migrating this services effectively to AWS and also rewriting any software that is no longer supported. Thus, this project took me a whole year and within that time frame I was able to learn about AWS, refactor services into containerized microservices and also implement new UI Frameworks. 

During this migration, I was also responsible for rewriting a legacy application built on Adobe Air Actionscript to Angular and also build Microservices using standard Strangler/Orchestrator pattern on top of the monolithic services. There was a huge learning curve, as I had zero experience with Adobe AIR. Since the application was origionally written by contractors, there wasn't a way to get any prior knowledge. This was a great challenge. However, I was able to successfully overcome it and deploy the product in a timely manner.

Moving to AWS, the services are now highly fault tolerant, scalable, and have up to 98% Uptime. Using load balancers and automatic scaling we were able to handle load during peak hours, which were usually during end of month. We saw user productivity increase by 30% and the cost of operations was very low when compared to the cost of maintaining your own infrastructure. Overall, it was a massive undertaking which I was able to conquer by dividing the requirements into managable tasks and taking them step-by-step. 
